# onlineQuiz

PROBLEM STATEMENT:
To create an online quiz portal with multiple REST APIs where users can browse different quizzes, attempt them, and find their scores and standings.
Description:
This project, which aims to create an online quiz application, is based on different REST APIs through which users can log in and take quizzes. After finishing the quiz,
they can find their standing and scores based on their accurate responses. There are two types of users on this quiz portal:
• Admin user • Participants
Project Features:
• Includes a RESTful Web API to perform CRUD operations on Domain objects as per requirement using Spring Boot and MySQL/Oracle database.
• The admin user has a separate API to access the admin portal, which requires authentication with the admin username and password.
• The admin user can update the profile details and change the password after using the access token generated by login.
• The admin user can add questions using the addQuestions API.
• The admin user can create a quiz by entering quizid and selecting questions
with questionid.
• The admin user can obtain statistics on total quizzes, questions, and users by
using their APIs.
• The admin user can find the users who participated in the quiz along with
scores and standings.
• Users can explore various quizzes created by the admin.
• Users can create their profile using new user registration.
• Users can take the quiz and try to answer the questions.
• Users can also check if the given answers are correct, as well as their results
and positions.
